soot.options.Options# help# false
soot.options.Options# phase_list# false
soot.options.Options# phase_help# false
soot.options.Options# version# false
soot.options.Options# verbose# false
soot.options.Options# interactive_mode# false
soot.options.Options# unfriendly_mode# false
soot.options.Options# app# false
soot.options.Options# whole_program# false
soot.options.Options# whole_shimple# false
soot.options.Options# validate# false
soot.options.Options# debug# false
soot.options.Options# debug_resolver# false
soot.options.Options# soot_classpath# false
soot.options.Options# prepend_classpath# false
soot.options.Options# process_dir# false
soot.options.Options# ast_metrics# false
soot.options.Options# src_prec# false
soot.options.Options# full_resolver# false
soot.options.Options# allow_phantom_refs# false
soot.options.Options# no_bodies_for_excluded# false
soot.options.Options# j2me# false
soot.options.Options# main_class# false
soot.options.Options# polyglot# false
soot.options.Options# output_dir# false
soot.options.Options# output_format# false
soot.options.Options# output_jar# false
soot.options.Options# xml_attributes# false
soot.options.Options# print_tags_in_output# false
soot.options.Options# no_output_source_file_attribute# false
soot.options.Options# no_output_inner_classes_attribute# false
soot.options.Options# dump_body# false
soot.options.Options# dump_cfg# false
soot.options.Options# show_exception_dests# false
soot.options.Options# gzip# false
soot.options.Options# via_grimp# false
soot.options.Options# via_shimple# false
soot.options.Options# throw_analysis# false
soot.options.Options# omit_excepting_unit_edges# false
soot.options.Options# include# false
soot.options.Options# exclude# false
soot.options.Options# include_all# false
soot.options.Options# dynamic_class# false
soot.options.Options# dynamic_dir# false
soot.options.Options# dynamic_package# false
soot.options.Options# keep_line_number#  false 
soot.options.Options# keep_offset# false
soot.options.Options# time# false
soot.options.Options# subtract_gc# false