synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# allHelp# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# argsFilename# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# debugParse# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# doBenchmarking# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dotExecutablePath# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dumpInitialGraphDotFile# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dumpInitialGraphPngFile# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dumpInitialPartitionGraph# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dumpIntermediateStages# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# dumpInvariants# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# exportAsGML# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# help# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# ignoreNonMatchingLines# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# internCommonStrings# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# logLvlExtraVerbose# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# logLvlQuiet# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# mineNeverConcurrentWithInv# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# noCoarsening# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# noRefinement# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# onlyMineInvariants# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# outputEdgeLabels# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# outputInvariantsToFile# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# outputPathPrefix# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# partitionRegExp# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# performExtraChecks# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# randomSeed# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# recoverFromParseErrors# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# regExps# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# runAllTests# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# runTests# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# separateVTimeIndexSets# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# separatorRegExp# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# showInitialNode# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# showTerminalNode# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# useFSMChecker# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# useTransitiveClosureMining# false
synoptic.main.SynopticOptions# version# false